FreeBSD Documentation Release README				-*- text -*-
$FreeBSD$

This is a collection of documents from the FreeBSD Documentation
Project, in a variety of output formats.  It includes material from
the FreeBSD doc/ tree, as well as (optionally) release documentation
for some specific version of FreeBSD.

The doc/ subdirectory contains a number of subdirectories with names
of the form <lang>.<encoding>, which hold versions of documentation in
different languages.  Generally, documents are written in American
English (en_US.ISO8859-1) and translated to other languages by
translation teams.

Beneath the language directories, documents may be classified into books
or articles.  Articles are generally 25 pages or less in length, while
books can be any length.

Within the books and articles directories are directories for each
individual document; each can potentially contain multiple renderings
of the document, as described below.

Documents are available in a number of formats.  Some subset of these
formats will be available, depending on how this documentation
collection was built.
   
html		A single HTML file per document (article.html or
		book.html, as appropriate, plus images).

html-split	A collection of smaller, linked HTML files per document
		(index.html, plus images and secondary files).

txt		Plain text (article.txt or book.txt, as appropriate).

pdf		Adobe Portable Document Format, for use with Adobe 
		Acrobat Reader or Ghostscript (article.pdf or book.pdf,
		as appropriate).

ps		Postscript (article.ps or book.ps, as appropriate).

pdb		Palm Pilot database format, for use with the iSilo 
		reader (article.pdb or book.pdb, as appropriate, plus
		a symbolic link formed by combining the directory name
		with a ".pdb" extension).  For more information, see:

		http://www.iSilo.com/

rtf		Microsoft's Rich Text Format (article.rtf or book.rtf,
		as appropriate).  Page numbers are not
		automatically updated when loading this format 
		into Microsoft Word.  Press CTRL+A, CTRL+END, F9, after 
		loading the document, to update the page numbers.

Release documentation, if present, is contained in a src/release/doc
directory, and follows similar conventions to those described above.

build.txt in the top-level directory gives more information about the
particular set of languages and formats contained in this release
build.

pgpkeyring.txt contains the public PGP/GPG keys of FreeBSD committers,
as taken from the English version of the FreeBSD Handbook.  This file
is suitable for import into a keyring.

